-------------------------------------------------------------
Team Name - Quad-core <br />
Project - Protracktor - Local Proctoring and Activity Tracker <br />
Date: 17th November, 2020 <br />
-------------------------------------------------------------

Contributors: <br />
Amit Kumar Bala Antu    (203051003 - antukbala)  <br />
Kunal Verma		(203050121 - kunalverma) <br />
Nimesh Agrawal		(203050049 - nimesh) <br />
Mallela Niteesh Kumar	(203050065 - niteesh)<br />
Shubhranshu Maurya	(203050096 - shubhranshu) <br />


Git Repository <br />
--------------
*Cloning the Repository <br />
link of git repo: https://git.cse.iitb.ac.in/nimesh/Protracktor.git <br />
use git clone <url> to clone the repo <br />

 
How to operate Protracktor <br />
--------------------------
*Getting dependencies ready: <br />
1) Automatically using "installer.sh" <br />
"installer.sh" file which will take care of all the dependencies and requirements for the project. <br />
To run "installer.sh", go to the project directory "Protracktor/source" where "installer.sh" is present and then run the following commands: <br />
    $ chmod +x installer.sh <br />
    $ ./installer.sh <br />
2) Alternatively (If some dependencies are still left, generally should not happen)    <br />
If some requirements are still missed please follow the steps below to manually install the dependencies. <br />
Install "python" on your system by running the following command on your terminal: <br />
    $ sudo apt-get install python3.6 <br />
 
    
Screen activity module needs "xdotool" to get window’s information: <br />
    $ sudo apt-get install xdotool <br />
  
    
For Internet Tracking Module install "nethogs": <br />
    $ sudo apt-get install nethogs <br />
    $ sudo setcap "cap_net_admin,cap_net_raw=ep" /usr/sbin/nethogs <br />
    
    
To install "PyAutoGUI" additionally you need to install the "scrot" application, as well as "Tkinter": <br />
    $ sudo apt-get install scrot <br />
    $ sudo apt-get install python3-tk <br />
    $ sudo apt-get install python3-dev <br />
    $ sudo pip3 install python3-xlibsudo <br />
    $ sudo pip3 install pyautogui <br />
    $ sudo pip3 numpy==1.18.5 <br />
    $ sudo pip3 notify2==0.3.1 <br />
    $ sudo pip3 matplotlib==3.3.1 <br />
    $ sudo pip3 opencv_python==4.1.2.30 <br />
    $ sudo pip3 PyQt5==5.15.1 <br />
    
*After installing all the dependencies: <br />
Go to the main directory "Protracktor" and in that go to source directory. <br />
After that run the following command in terminal: <br />
    $ python3 main.py <br />
    
This will start the application. <br />


Using the program
------------------
The main window has two tabs namely "Local Proctoring" and "Let's Start". <br />
    1) First enter the course code you want to start proctoring for. <br />
    2) This field is used to name the log files and video files with additional timestamps added as a naming convention for files <br />
    3) Click on "Next" to move to the next tab "Let's Start" <br />
On clicking next after entering the course code you will be directed to the next tab ("Let's Start" tab). <br />

Here there are four check boxes named according to the functionalities they will provide, namely: <br />
    a) Webcam Recording <br />
    b) Screen Recording <br />
    c) Activity Manager <br />
    d) Data usage per app <br />
Check on the required functionalities you want monitored during the proctoring. <br />

***Note***: Internet loss triggered - Webcam and screen recording will only start if there is a loss in internet connectivity detected. <br />
    		This assumes that you are already on some proctoring platform like ms teams initially and if there is a loss of internet connectivity then only webcam recording will start. <br />
    		
After checking on the appropriate check boxes you can start the monitoring by clicking on "Start" button. <br />
After clicking on start a new pop-up window will open. <br />


Notifications
-------------
Two types of notification are issued to the user during the proctoring. <br />
    - When Internet goes down. <br />
    - When Internet comes back. <br />
    
    
Terminating the program
-----------------------
Whenever you want to stop the proctoring/monitoring just click on the stop button. <br />
This will close the application also. <br />
All the corresponding outputs will be saved in the "Results" directory in the main folder. <br />


Viewing the Results/outputs/graphs
----------------------------------
1) The "Proctoring" option in menu bar will direct you to various log files and graphs generated by the software. <br />
	By clicking on this proctoring Option you will get a drop-down with following options. <br />
	-Results <br />
	    -Data Usage <br />
	    -Activity Monitor <br />
	    -Screen Recordings <br />
	    -Video Recordings <br />
	     
	-Graph <br />
	    -Latest activity tracker <br />
	    -Latest Data Usage <br />
	The Results section will take you the corresponding folder where log files and graphs are stored. <br />
	The Graph section will display the latest graph of the corresponding option you will select. <br />
2) Help option: <br />
 	This option will display the documentation to you. <br />
 	
 	
    
